PR for SRVKS-1180: Update the information about `secret filtering` for net-istio and net-kourier (#71721)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-ossm-secret-filtering-net-kourier.adoc

* Install the {ServerlessOperatorName} and Knative Serving.
* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> .Example KnativeServing CR

Reviewer: I think this example should be removed. Not just the "procedure" above. The example was there to show how to enable the filtering. We only need the new example below. Both together don't make sense.

Reviewer: Otherwise these docs look good to me now.

Author: [mgencur](https://github.com/mgencur) Does that mean I need to remove the example from the `net-istio` section as well, right?

Reviewer: @kaldesai TBH. I'm not sure. The example for net-istio has some other parts that are important. But maybe that could be merged together. Right now we have this:
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/336823/ba0e42f7-a01a-4865-92a2-4cdb345e8532)
But we could have just one example:
```
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
spec:
  ingress:
    istio:
      enabled: true
  workloads:
    - annotations:
        sidecar.istio.io/inject: "true"
        sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"
      name: activator
    - annotations:
        sidecar.istio.io/inject: "true"
        sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"
      name: autoscaler
    - env:
     - container: controller
       envVars:
       - name: ENABLE_SECRET_INFORMER_FILTERING_BY_CERT_UID
         value: 'false'
     name: net-istio-controller
```
I think both ways are ok-ish.

Author: Okay, so I will use the merged one. The one which you provided here.

* Install the {ServerlessOperatorName} and Knative Serving.
* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> You can disable the secret filtering by setting `ENABLE_SECRET_INFORMER_FILTERING_BY_CERT_UID=false` via `workloads` in the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can disable the secret filtering by setting `ENABLE_SECRET_INFORMER_FILTERING_BY_CERT_UID=false` by using the `workloads` field in the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).
```

         value: 'true'
     name: net-kourier-controller
----

You can disable the secret filtering by setting `ENABLE_SECRET_INFORMER_FILTERING_BY_CERT_UID=false` via `workloads` in the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).

.Example for `net-kourier`
[source,yaml]
-----
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
 name: knative-serving
 namespace: knative-serving
spec:
 workloads:
   - env:
     - container: controller
       envVars:
       - name: ENABLE_SECRET_INFORMER_FILTERING_BY_CERT_UID
         value: 'false'

>      name: net-kourier-controller

Reviewer: One last nit, we should probably fix indentation in the new examples to 2 spaces, like this:
```
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
  name: knative-serving
  namespace: knative-serving
spec:
  workloads:
    - env:
        - container: controller
          envVars:
            - name: ENABLE_SECRET_INFORMER_FILTERING_BY_CERT_UID
              value: 'false'
      name: net-kourier-controller
```

Author: Okay! I will update it. Can we use the merged example for `net-kourier` as well? Just like you provided for the `net-istio`? If yes, can you please provide me one so that I am not missing anything.

Reviewer: For net-kourier we just want to remove the first one (there's nothing to merge) and keep the second one, with fixed indentation like above.

Author: Okay, noted!

Reviewer 3: Yeah I think that either you omit the first one or have something like:
```
apiVersion: operator.knative.dev/v1beta1
kind: KnativeServing
metadata:
 name: knative-serving
 namespace: knative-serving
```
So you start with a simple CR and you add the env var in the second one.
